---
title: June 7, 2019
date: 2019-06-10T16:28:18-05:00
author: Nash Pitre
layout: post
---

#
Studio

**Guess I’m Fine**: Over 50 tracks added to this one studio session. I’ve recorded the second verse over 30 times. There’s so many layers in this one song. So many moving parts. Real electric guitar riffs. Three different people speaking and sharing something that's on their heart. Two different females singing two different hooks (intro hook, main hook). The amount of moving parts could be intimidating. I pace myself and make tweaks occasionally. **This is the song that inspired the entire album**, so I want to make sure every detail is accounted for. I'm loving how it’s turning out so far.

**See You Later**: Finally editing the music video for See You Later. It’ll be black and white and tell the story of two loved ones loss. I gave my Mrs. Renee and Mrs. Michelle my GoPro to film their day and to capture as much as they could for the video. I’m excited to complete this video project.

---- 

#
Last night’s church service

Pastor Brandon’s dad preached last night. It’s always great hearing him. He brings so much wisdom. He spoke a lot about our current society, but from the perspective of our homes. Changes start there.

---- 

[https://twitter.com/GeekTyrant/status/1137036500384866304](https://twitter.com/GeekTyrant/status/1137036500384866304)

WarnerMedia, from that name alone, to the fact that AT&T is the one that’ll be orchestrated this upcoming streaming service, doesn’t leave me confident in the product that’ll be offered. They’ll have so much content, and that alone could make them very successful and a household name, but I remain skeptical about it.

---- 
