Date: 7/16/19

# July 16, 2019

### Today’s thoughts..

---- 

# Creating

Feeling really good about the lack of creating lately. I’ve been spending time learning, and digging deeper into topics that interest me. Taking a step back, and consuming can massively help your creative output. Thankful for this different perspectives I’m given through each season. A lot of reading, and watching and listening. Fruit will come out of all what I consume.

---- 

# This weekend’s plans

Saturday, planning to go see The Lion King at the IMAX. When I went watch Spider-Man a few weeks ago, and I saw the way the trailer looked on that IMAX screen, I knew immediately that I needed to watch Lion King there.

---- 

# Site design

Sometimes creating doesn’t mean creating something new, but just creating new looks on my site. Tinkering and allowing my site to evolve with what’s inspiring me at the time. Here’s what’s new. I spent some of yesterday changing the site’s header. I let go of my space banner, and went with a more minimal banner that brings all the colors together at the top. I made the ticker at the top match the same color as my name in the banner, and I also removed the border around the search box. Now, there’s just a blinking cursor, to search for what you’re looking for.

---- 

# Nintendo Switch

There’s been a resurgence of the Switch in my life. Because of the new Zelda, because of the announcement of the new handheld version, and because of the hurricane that passed this past weekend, causing me to finally pay Dead Cells. Now, I’m going trade in my Switch, and get $200 for it, the same price as the new handheld. Two months earlier than I want, since the new one comes out September 20th, but I want to get the full amount of that GameStop is offering now. I’ll also trade in two games and an accessory that I don’t use. That’ll give me enough store credit to walk in September 20th, and get the blue Switch Lite and Zelda: Link’s Awakening.

---- 

# Traveling

A month from now, I’ll have another 10-day vacation. Time to start planning what I’ll be doing with those days. A month after that, I’ll be traveling out of state to a conference. 