Date: 7/11/19

# July 11, 2019

### It's time for a journal.

---- 

# Free

Reflecting on my current life situation, and thinking about the runway I’ve created for myself. I’ll have a big post about this in the future, but from a vague standpoint, After years of seeing where I want to be to where I finally am, I removed all shackles and commitments that prevent me from ultimate flexibility. 

---- 

### Last night, I started [this month’s photoblog](july)

---- 

### Yesterday, we released our [first episode](https://nashp.com/1-kawhi-saves-the-nba-the-lakers-will-be-flawed-and-westbrook-needs-a-home) of BUMNATION, our sports and culture podcast.

---- 

## Hurricane?

We’re currently in hurricane weather, and [my bag is packed](july) for four days now, ready to either travel or sleep somewheres else. My house is near a lot of water, so it won’t be safe there.

## Meeting

I have an important meeting this afternoon, that’ll decide a lot of things going forward, and most of all, create balance. It’s adding a layer to a chapter that has significance.

## Meal Prep

I’ve hired someone to meal prep for me, and it’s made my life so much easier when it comes to lunch and dinner. Not having to drive anywheres, or cooking anything saves me so much time. Just heating up a delicious meal and it’s ready in just a few minutes, is game changer for me.

---- 

# Content

---- 

## What I’m Playing

- My Friend Pedro
- My Friend Pedro
- My Friend Pedro

## What I’m Listening To

- Freddie Gibbs
- Jaden
- Bon Iver

## What I’m Reading

- Show Your Work!
- The Four Agreements
- Everything is F’d

---- 

# What I’ve Been Watching

- Euphoria
- Succession
- Big Little Lies

## Stranger Things

I just finished season 3 last night. I really enjoyed it, but it didn’t wow me. I do want to watch the last episode again, because of how many little things happened. I want to process that again.

## Spider-Man

I went watch Spider-Man: Far From Home this past weekend, and I've been nerding out since, with Spider-Man everywhere. Ordered stickers for iPad, iPad Wallpaper is Spider-Man, added another reason for me to purchase a PS4 Pro (No Man’s Sky VR and many other reasons help too).

---- 

### That’s enough for now...
