---
title: Cross Church Notes: First Thursday (06/06/19)
date: 2019-06-10T16:42:46-05:00
author: Nash Pitre
layout: post
---

##
Pastor Garlin Bilbo

- Nehemiah 1-2
- Nehemiah 4:1
- Ephesians 6:12

---- 

#
Walls.

- **Good walls**: Protect your family with these walls.
- **Bad walls**: Walls so high that you're blocking the good out. 

---- 

> Every little boy has a king inside of him. Every little girl has a queen inside of her. We’re not raising a child. We’re raising adults. Speak to them as if they have greatness inside of them.

---- 

> Once I recognize what I'm wrestling with, it's easier for me to forgive those who hurt me, because they're just being used.

---- 

> Your normal and my normal aren't the same. Somebody's normal is based on how they were raised: all that surrounds us and creates a culture. Build some walls around your home and your family so it's protected from things that it would otherwise be exposed to. 

---- 

#
What do you want out of life?

> Going to church is just not enough. There are many people that were raised in church but still have major distinction in their life.

> That culture I'm creating is a kingdom culture. Step into a whole different world than they're used to. 

Take a hard objective look at your life: “Where am I missing it?” Change your heart. 

---- 

Promiscuous parenting: there's no rule and no order. Children having children. 

Vision: cast vision in your house. The only thing that can destroy vision is division. 

If you can't cast a vision for your family, you have chaos inside your household. Everybody’s going their own way. We’re setting the pace for the next generation. Have a huddle: “ok you fumbled, bring things back in order.”

> We can't allow our kids to be babysat by the television because we had a hard day of work. Bring goals, vision, clarity. Call the king out of that child. If not, that little girl goes on her first date, and doesn't know how to keep order. Because there's no structure in her life.

> We’re raising a society that's so dysfunctional that we don't know what to do with them anymore.

---- 

No one can be loyal to anything if they don't know what they're supposed to be loyal to. 

Create a whole new culture in ourselves. Change the atmosphere around us.

---- 

##
If I have no structure or no order, then all I have is confusion.

---- 

Slay your giants.

##
Keep a hammer in one hand. Keep a sword in the other. Build for your family. Fight for your family.
