Date: 7/13/18

title: "Journal: July 13, 2018"
---

Good morning. It’s 4am. The bed was just made, the Keurig is currently pouring my coffee, the dryer next to me is spinning the clothes that I’ll pickup soon, and a podcast is playing in the background. Most importantly, though, it’s Friday. Cheers.

## Create

I’ve spent the week redesigning certain aspects of the blog, doing things that I didn’t even know were possible until recently. I don’t have to show a full stream of recent posts as my only option anymore. Now, recent posts from a particular tag will populate in it’s own section. Compartmentalizing is such a major theme in my life that this new feature speaks to my soul.

## Personal

This area of my life has taken a step back in a lot of ways lately. My mood has been off, my busyness has isolated me, and I’m not satisfied with the current trajectory that I’m going. So I’m being proactive. Sometimes, the only way I know how to do things is through my task manager, so I’ve put a fun project on there, with hopes that I’ll be intentional and fix this current slump.

	Summertime Project:
	
	- go to a concert
	- run a race
	- add a cool playlist to Apple Music
	- go to the movies
	- find water
	- read a new book
	- a day in Nola
	- go to a museum

If you have anymore ideas for me, send them my way (maybe even press the little chat button at the bottom and throw an idea in there). I’d love to expand this with things that I never even thought of. The project has a deadline for September 22nd, the last day of summer, which makes this fun little project have some urgency, instead of it being something I’d like to do one day (life hack).

## Work

My first job, my office job, is going smooth. I’m continuing to learn new things, and after several months of being with the company, I’m finally getting a good feel for the day-to-day operations. For my second job, the driving one, I just received my first paycheck. My first week there was fun, mindless, and easy enough not to burn myself out from leaving my first job. I’m satisfied with how the process of both jobs is going.

## Queue

- [Sharp Objects][1]
- [Better Call Saul][2]
- [The Handmaid’s Tale][3]
- [Binge Mode: Harry Potter][4]
- [Dissect podcast][5] 

[1]:	https://youtu.be/DgljcMqPG98
[2]:	https://youtu.be/9q4qzYrHVmI
[3]:	https://youtu.be/PJTonrzXTJs
[4]:	https://overcast.fm/+JODmAK2ys
[5]:	https://dissectpodcast.com/