---
layout: post
Date: 06/18/2015
Permalink: impossible
tags: Featured
title: The Impossible
---

I'm committed to growing as a person. Creatively, financially, spiritually . . . It's weird that college wasn't in the cards for me, but yet education and constantly learning new things is a passion of mine. I'm addicted to progress. The smallest amount of success shows me a dim light at the end of the tunnel, letting me know that the impossible is actually closer than I thought.

It's not about the circumstances we're placed in, people use those as excuses on why they can't overcome the impossible. It's all about the will to accomplish goals and dreams. If you can imagine it, then simply chip away at it. I've always done that with basketball. I've always done that with my music. I've always done that with writing at nashp.com. I have many new goals, which are private, but I'm now seeing that light at the end of the tunnel. That light signifies progress, which only pushes me to move faster and more aggressively.

I see too many people going through life complacent and following what others are doing. That's fine for them, but I know that I only have this one life, and I plan to make the best of it for everyone around me.

Some see success as money or popularity. Success for me is growing as a person, and I'm proud to say that I'm never satisfied with who I was yesterday. I'm always challenging myself to do the impossible. It's funny though, whatever that impossible was a year ago, now sits comfortably in my pocket under my control. Keep chipping away at what's hard until you refer to it as what's easy.

The impossible doesn't come by knowing everything. The loudest person in the room usually knows the least. It's the quiet ones that question every answer—even his own—those are the ones that understand self-growth. Being curious and open-minded about the world around me has consistently changed how I see things. You gain an appreciation for not knowing something, it humbles you and allows the influencers to step in and teach you different things about life. I'm always inspired by what I don't know.

It's never too late to find the things you're passionate about. Think big. Create huge goals that might feel impossible. Now break those huge goals down to a bunch of small ones, until you have Next-Actions after Next-Actions. Don't focus on building the house, but rather a chair. Don't focus on tackling mountains of clothes, but rather the socks. Execute the smallest details and enjoy your day. The following day, zero in on what's next. Eventually, every day will be spent accomplishing goals from a variety of areas in your life, which are all slowly turning the impossibles into just another goal.

I'm thankful for always finding new impossibles. It's allowed me to turn my flaws into strengths, and I'm a better person because of it.